---
layout: single
title: Week Two - Gaining Some Momentum
excerpt: Finally some action!
date: 2025-03-16 11:30:00 +0000
author: Noah Rettig
author_profile: true
categories: blog
---


### Our Week In-Review

Finally finished with some of the non-project assignments for the class, we have made some more substantial progress this week

### Key Milestones

- **Data Uploading and Retrieval from Google Cloud :**
  (an image of the data uploading page will go here, but IDK how to do that RN, and don't really care to find out)
  
  Using knowledge gained from Josh and Michael's "Tech Tutorial" assignment, we have implemented a way to both retrieve (to download or view) and upload (single files at a time) files contained in our google cloud storage buckets. Since file-management is one major requirement for this project, this is an absolute win!
  
- **UI Improvements:**  
  The UI of our application has been barebones before this week, but now we have begun the implementation of our UI mockups from the planning phase. While still fairly barebones, experimenting has been helpful for the learning process and will allow for better, incremental improvements later.  

### Other Things of Note:

 - **Deciding Against the Use of a UI Library**
   (an image of the landing page will go here, but IDK how to do that RN, and don't really care to find out)
   
   Upon discovering there are currently issues with the UI library we were planning on using, Blueprint UI, we have decided for the time being to forgo using one, and instead implement all UI elements we need ourselves. Hopefully this doesn't come back to haunt us later...

### What's Next?

As next Thurday is Sprint 1 for the class, we probably don't have time for any **big** features this next week. In this next week, we should have cleaner integration of our data retrieval and uploading from a user experience perspective, in order to "WOW" Dr. Stonedahl during presentations.

Wish us luck!
