---
layout: single
title: Week One - Our First Post!
excerpt: Let the fun begin!
date: 2025-03-09 11:30:00 +0000
author: Michael Wherry
author_profile: true
categories: blog
---
Welcome to our blog! This marks the first of many updates as part of our senior inquiry course (CSC-490).

### Our Week In-Review

This week, our team continued development on geo-crop; what we're calling our Next.js application focused on storing and editing video files for the Geography department. Although we've encountered a few challenges, the progress has been both exciting and educational.

### Key Milestones

- **Google Cloud Integration:**  
  We successfully created and managed a Google Cloud Bucket, ensuring that our team is capable of conducting file uploads and downloads—a crucial step for our video handling functionality.

- **Next.js Learning Curve:**  
  As newcomers to Next.js and modern web development, we've been deepening our understanding through courses and hands-on experimentation. Currently, we're looking to tackle dynamic page routing and building routes from our bucket's filesystem structure.

- **Blog Setup:**  
  Alongside the application, we set up this GitHub Pages site (hi!) to share our progress. Bootstrapping the project with Jekyll, GitHub Pages's static site generator, was a slightly harrowing experience that has certainly broadened our skill set.

### What's Next?

We're excited about the challenges ahead and are committed to refining both our technical skills and our project. Stay tuned as we continue to build and improve our application, one step at a time.

Thanks for reading, and let the fun begin!
